All right.
Now that we've done the sanity check we have an idea of the ballpark of where revenues should be.
So let's see how we can build out the first 24 months in terms of the revenue.
Okay.
All right.
So let's take a look at our other worksheet right now and we're going to start with what we're given
right.
What we've done before which was to have 50000 square feet.
We got the breakdown between the different kinds of space.
The total number of units are spots that we have.
OK.
Let's call column spots to be consistent.
Now then we talked about over subscription right.
So these were not over scribing we're just going to put a 100 percent because we're not allowed to.
But we're going to model it this way in case let's say changes.
Then we can actually change it in the model itself.
But right now we're in a set at 100 percent.
Then for the shared desk we're going to oversubscribed it.
But instead of 300 percent which probably aggressive you might then have too many people there and then
you know people are going to get pissed off.
You can't find a desk and it's too crowded.
So we're just going to oversubscribed by 100 percent which should give the utilization in the 60 or
70 percent range.
OK.
So it's going to be nice and cozy but it won't be completely packed all the time always.
All right.
Actual units available now.
Right.
Actual spots available is going to be the subscription percentage times the original number of spots.
OK.
So that's how many spots we're going to try to sell now.
Right.
So these are still the same.
It didn't change unless we change it here.
But right now we're going to keep that assumption the same.
And then for the rent options we're going to keep on with what we have we're going to have two fifty
three fifty five fifty and sixteen hundred.
OK.
Now the amount of time to lease up all these spots it's going to take some time.
So I mean to say to lease up those spots or to sell the spots but we'll call it least because they are
paying monthly they're not really buying it and owning it for life.
So then we may say hey this might take nine months.
OK.
So for best practices whenever you have something and you just have a number if it's not blatantly obvious
then add the units there so that you can refer to it in the future.
OK.
So we got nine months maybe it took six months to lease up the other ones or maybe it's just four months
to do these other offices.
Now this one we're because we're going to be oversubscribed.
We're not going to have any vacancy or wishing and expect to have any vacancy.
Right.
But for the other ones we're probably gonna have some vacancy just because there's usually some turnover
for this one might be really low since it's really popular.
And then for the small offices maybe it's a little bit higher it takes a little little bit longer to
find a tenant when there's turnover.
So we're going to make that assumption there.
OK.
In all right now when we start modeling things out we always want to look at the month.
So let's just put in the months OK and we're going to copy let's go all the way for you how many months
we have here.
All right.
So when I look at it for two years.
And you could do this longer if you want but we're just going to take a look for two years in this example
right now.
So then now let's think about occupancy let's say here.
It takes as you know these and this amount of time to get to this full subscription which you can think
of as occupancy as well.
How long does it take us to actually get there.
Right.
So and then assume that we kind of ramp up evenly during however long we specify here.
So in the first month the first month the actual occupancy we're just going to say is equal to the maximum
divided by how many months it takes to get to the maximum.
OK.
So that's kind of like the first month right.
First month to get there and then for the other months we're going to have to incrementally add.
Right.
And we will what are we going to add we're going to add that same difference depending on how many months
here it is to get to this.
OK.
So as a first part we're going to say we're going to add the previous plus the amount here.
We want to stick with this percentage here.
But with each row we wanted to go down so I'm going to fix the column but I'm going to let the row go
down in terms of the reference.
OK.
And then that divided by the number of months.
So that's how much we're incrementing.
Right.
And again we're gonna fix the column so it stays within that column when we copy the formulas across
the rows or across the columns here.
But when it moves down a row we want it to be referring to the correct numbers.
So what does that look like.
All right.
So then if we have this it should be doubling that.
Right.
And if we move it out it's it's going to double or triple and keep going.
Now here's something to notice this looks kind of higher than what we're supposed to have here.
Looks like everything's higher now.
OK well if we just keep adding indefinitely it will go past what you intend.
Right.
So one of the things that we can do is we want to keep adding this but we want to limited to this maximum.
So he's either gonna be something less than that or at most that much in the way we do that is use the
min function.
OK.
So it's kind of weird when you want at most something then we're gonna be using the min function when
you want at least something then we're going to be using the max function.
Okay.
So to look at check the set minimum of this for the addition of what it is.
So if it's still in the ramp up months then it's going to look just like the way it's going to look.
But once it reaches the full ramp up month it's going to max out at whatever that limit is.
You see that now they are all maxed out.
So as expected these other ones reach 100 percent you know in the fourth month whereas these other ones
here it's going to be you know in the six month and the ninth month as we expected.
Okay.
You're going to copy this all the way out.
And now we have the occupancies for the all of these units.
Okay.
Once we have occupancy we can start thinking about the rents.
Right.
So rents here.
We're going to look at then is the number of desks right.
Times the full occupancy.
So we're going to say the total number times the actual percentage that it's sold times the rental rate
per month.
So then what we then have is we have that formula here.
And what we can do is then we can copy the formula paste that there and then we have the other rents.
And when we do that and do it all the way across we see the rents going up it's going up as the occupancy
goes up.
Okay.
And then what we should see is it should stabilize at some point right where when everything's stabilized
and that's the max rate and everything else should stay the same.
So visually you can see when you're doing this correct or not.
Then just for a summary we can we can say the total here it's just the sum of all of those who are using
the sum function of this whole array here.
This set of numbers.
And that's where that is.
We can copy it and paste the rest to get it for each column and you'll see that the formula is adding
from the correct columns.
Okay.
Now as a quick summary since we're running it for two years it might be interesting to see what it looked
like for the whole entire year.
Right.
So how would we do that.
Well it should be pretty simple right.
We just want to add it up for the full year then we're just going to add some for the first 12 months.
So we just go like that and then for the next one we just goes from 13 to 24.
OK so now we have girls rents for year one in year two we see that year two is a lot more because well
it doesn't have that ramp up phase.
OK.
Then that's maximum possible.
Right.
But we know there seem to be some turnover based on what we put here for vacancies so we need to factor
that in in the way we calculate the vacancy is we take the gross rents and we multiply by the appropriate
vacancy number again we get to restrict the movement of the columns so that we're referring to the correct
sells and then a copy just the formulas.
The reason I'm doing that instead of just the other way is I wanted to keep this formatting here.
So then what we can do is we do the same across.
OK.
Now vacancy is a loss right.
So the better way to do this is actually to make this a negative number.
And then we're gonna re copy this formula and you can select this whole box and just paste the formula
again.
So now all the numbers are going to be negative but we want to show it in a way that makes it easier
visually.
So we're gonna go format cells and this is currency and we want to show a negative number with the negative
sign and red case and now.
Now it's very visible.
Right.
Then we look at the year one in year two again.
Now remember these formulas what we can do because it's all relative formulas we can actually just copy
this and it would actually give us the correct numbers.
Oh it does.
If you had add them first which we need to do we didn't add them in the total line yet.
So we're going to add that some of the vacancies here Okay great.
And for consistency make the numbers read so.
Okay.
Now we have the sums and then this sums up the vacancy totals.
So now and visually we can see that as well.
Okay so then net rents is going to be there.
GROSS rents offset by the vacancy rate.
So now we've got the gross rents plus the negative vacancy
so we're gonna pace the formulas only in the right here is just a pace it's on the home screen for depending
on what version of Excel you have.
You can usually go up pace and then you select the formula how you want to pace.
All right.
So again we have that and we're going to some are going to some R numbers again.
We have that total and we're going copy and paste the formula across.
All right.
So now we have that in again we can copy our total for the year one in year two.
And now just from that we have year one year two net rents.
OK.
And actually a little bit higher than what we did in the sanity check.
Right.
This was a 2 9.
And with these assumptions here it's a lot more the reason for that is we're Hoover's scribing by 100
percent here.
If it's a little bit less maybe we're going to be even more conservative than it changes.
But it's still going to be more right than than what we were projecting before.
Just because it's had a lot of spots.
So now this allows us to test some of our assumptions you know maybe we can't charge as much for those
large offices maybe as only fourteen hundred.
Right.
Then then it changes the assumptions here and you'll see how it adjusts accordingly.
So there you have it a you works shared co coworking space model the revenue model of it.
Now later in the case that he will we're going to revisit this we're going to put the expenses in the
cost side of this together so we can look at the full model.
This is a simple representation of this business model.
Obviously we've only looked at the top line revenue figures.
We didn't look at overhead or other expenses we didn't build out of cash flow statement.
We didn't look at startup costs that is needed in order to buy and build out this thing.
But we'll be revisiting this case later in the course and we're going to add all of those things together.
However there are still many revenue models out there and different ways to model growth and segmenting
users so we can cover a few more things first before we start building entire models.